---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_cloudlets_application_load_balancer Data Source - terraform-provider-akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# akamai_cloudlets_application_load_balancer (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `origin_id` (String) The conditional origin’s unique identifier

### Optional

- `version` (Number) The load balancer configuration version

### Read-Only

- `balancing_type` (String) The type of load balancing being performed. Options include WEIGHTED and PERFORMANCE
- `created_by` (String) The value which is set by the server at the time of creation and never subsequently changes
- `created_date` (String) The created date which is only set by the server the first time the load balancer version is created. All subsequent responses will contain the same value.
- `data_centers` (Set of Object) The object containing information on conditional origins being used as data centers for an Application Load Balancer implementation. Only Conditional Origins with an originType of CUSTOMER or NETSTORAGE can be used as data centers in an application load balancer configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_centers))
- `deleted` (Boolean) Describes if load balancer version has been deleted
- `description` (String) The load balancer configuration description
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `immutable` (Boolean) Denotes whether you can edit the load balancing version. The default setting for this member is false. It automatically becomes true when the load balancing version is activated for the first time.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last modification of load balancer configuration which is set by the server
- `last_modified_date` (String) Describes when load balancer configuration has been modified for the last time
- `liveness_settings` (Set of Object) The liveness settings are used to determine the health of each load balanced data center defined in the data center list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--liveness_settings))
- `type` (String) The type of conditional origin
- `warnings` (String) Describes warnings during activation of load balancer configuration

<a id="nestedatt--data_centers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_centers`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String)
- `cloud_server_host_header_override` (Boolean)
- `cloud_service` (Boolean)
- `continent` (String)
- `country` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `latitude` (Number)
- `liveness_hosts` (Set of String)
- `longitude` (Number)
- `origin_id` (String)
- `percent` (Number)
- `state_or_province` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--liveness_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `liveness_settings`

Read-Only:

- `additional_headers` (Map of String)
- `host_header` (String)
- `interval` (Number)
- `path` (String)
- `peer_certificate_verification` (Boolean)
- `port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)
- `request_string` (String)
- `response_string` (String)
- `status_3xx_failure` (Boolean)
- `status_4xx_failure` (Boolean)
- `status_5xx_failure` (Boolean)
- `timeout` (Number)
