---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_gtm_domain Data Source - terraform-provider-akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GTM Domain data source
---

# akamai_gtm_domain (Data Source)

GTM Domain data source



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The full GTM domain name.

### Read-Only

- `as_maps` (Block Set) Contains information about the set of AS maps assigned to this domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--as_maps))
- `cidr_maps` (Block Set) Contains information about the set of CIDR maps assigned to this domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cidr_maps))
- `cname_coalescing_enabled` (Boolean) If enabled, GTM collapses CNAME redirections in DNS answers when it knows the target of the CNAME.
- `datacenters` (Block Set) List of data centers associated with the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--datacenters))
- `default_error_penalty` (Number) Specifies the download penalty score.
- `default_health_max` (Number) Default value for healthMax if none specified at the property level.
- `default_health_multiplier` (Number) Default value for healthMultiplier if none specified at the property level.
- `default_health_threshold` (Number) Default value for healthThreshold if none specified at the property level.
- `default_max_unreachable_penalty` (Number) Applicable only to Performance Plus domains.
- `default_ssl_client_certificate` (String) Specifies an optional Base64-encoded certificate that corresponds with the private key for TLS-based liveness tests (HTTPS, SMTPS, POPS, and TCPS).
- `default_ssl_client_private_key` (String) Specifies an optional Base64-encoded private key that corresponds with the TLS certificate for TLS-based liveness tests (HTTPS, SMTPS, POPS, and TCPS).
- `default_timeout_penalty` (Number) Specifies the timeout penalty score.
- `default_unreachable_threshold` (Number) Applicable only to Performance Plus domains. If the fraction of core points that cannot reach the datacenter (they have 100% packet loss to it) exceeds this threshold, a score penalty is added to liveness scores for servers in the datacenter; the penalty is equal to maxUnreachablePenalty * (fractionUnreachable - unreachableThreshold) / (1 - unreachableThreshold).
- `email_notification_list` (List of String) Email addresses where notifications will be sent.
- `end_user_mapping_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether whether the GTM Domain is using end user client subnet mapping.
- `geographic_maps` (Block Set) List of geographic maps associated with the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--geographic_maps))
- `id` (String) Identifier of the data source.
- `last_modified` (String) An ISO 8601 timestamp that indicates the time of the last domain change.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The email address of the administrator who made the last change to the domain.
- `links` (Block Set) Provides a URL path that allows direct navigation to the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--links))
- `load_feedback` (Boolean) Indicates whether you're using resources to control load balancing.
- `load_imbalance_percentage` (Number) Indicates the percent of load imbalance factor (LIF) for the domain.
- `map_update_interval` (Number) How often new maps are generated for performance domains. Not applicable to non-performance domains.
- `max_properties` (Number) Maximum amount of properties that may be associated with the domain.
- `max_resources` (Number) Maximum amount of resources that may be associated with the domain.
- `max_test_timeout` (Number) Maximum timeout for a test.
- `max_ttl` (Number) The largest TTL allowed. Configurations specifying TTLs greater than this will fail validation.
- `min_pingable_region_fraction` (Number) Applicable only to Performance Plus domains. If set (nonzero), any core point that cannot ping more than this fraction of datacenters is rejected and will not be mapped by ping scores.
- `min_test_interval` (Number) The smallest allowed liveness test interval. Configurations specifying liveness test intervals smaller than this will fail validation.
- `min_ttl` (Number) The smallest TTL allowed. Configurations specifying TTLs smaller than this will fail validation.
- `modification_comments` (String) A descriptive note about changes to the domain.
- `properties` (Block Set) List of properties associated with the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--properties))
- `resources` (Block Set) List of resources associated with the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources))
- `round_robin_prefix` (String) A string that when configured automatically creates a shadow property for each normal property.
- `server_monitor_pool` (String) The name of the pool from which servermonitors are drawn for liveness tests in this datacenter. If omitted (null), the domain-wide default is used. (If no domain-wide default is specified, the pool used is all servermonitors in the same continent as the datacenter.)
- `sign_and_serve` (Boolean) If set (true) we will sign the domain's resource records so that they can be validated by a validating resolver.
- `sign_and_serve_algorithm` (String) The signing algorithm to use for signAndServe. One of the following values: RSA_SHA1, RSA_SHA256, RSA_SHA512, ECDSA_P256_SHA256, ECDSA_P384_SHA384, ED25519, ED448.
- `status` (Block, Read-only) Status information for the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))
- `type` (String) Specifies the load balancing behavior for the property.

<a id="nestedblock--as_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `as_maps`

Read-Only:

- `assignments` (Block Set) Contains information about the AS zone groupings of AS IDs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--as_maps--assignments))
- `default_datacenter` (Block, Read-only) A placeholder for all other AS zones, AS IDs not found in these AS zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--as_maps--default_datacenter))
- `links` (Block Set) Specifies the URL path that allows direct navigation to the As map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--as_maps--links))
- `name` (String) A descriptive label for the AS map.

<a id="nestedblock--as_maps--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `as_maps.assignments`

Read-Only:

- `as_numbers` (Set of Number) Specifies an array of AS numbers.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for all other AS zones.


<a id="nestedblock--as_maps--default_datacenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `as_maps.default_datacenter`

Read-Only:

- `datacenter_id` (Number) For each property, an identifier for all other AS zones' CNAME.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for all other AS zones.


<a id="nestedblock--as_maps--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `as_maps.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.



<a id="nestedblock--cidr_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cidr_maps`

Read-Only:

- `assignments` (Block Set) Contains information about the CIDR zone groupings of CIDR blocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cidr_maps--assignments))
- `default_datacenter` (Block, Read-only) A placeholder for all other CIDR zones, CIDR blocks not found in these CIDR zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cidr_maps--default_datacenter))
- `links` (Block Set) Specifies the URL path that allows direct navigation to the CIDR map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cidr_maps--links))
- `name` (String) Unique name for the CIDR map.

<a id="nestedblock--cidr_maps--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cidr_maps.assignments`

Read-Only:

- `blocks` (Set of String) Specifies an array of CIDR blocks.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for all other AS zones.


<a id="nestedblock--cidr_maps--default_datacenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cidr_maps.default_datacenter`

Read-Only:

- `datacenter_id` (Number) For each property, an identifier for all other CIDR zones' CNAME.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for all other CIDR blocks.


<a id="nestedblock--cidr_maps--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cidr_maps.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.



<a id="nestedblock--datacenters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datacenters`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) The name of the city where the data center is located.
- `clone_of` (Number) Identifies the data center's ID of which this data center is a clone.
- `cloud_server_host_header_override` (Boolean) Balances load between two or more servers in a cloud environment.
- `cloud_server_targeting` (Boolean) Balances load between two or more servers in a cloud environment.
- `continent` (String) A two-letter code that specifies the continent where the data center maps to.
- `country` (String) A two-letter ISO 3166 country code that specifies the country where the data center is located.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `default_load_object` (Block Set) Specifies the load reporting interface between you and the GTM system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--datacenters--default_load_object))
- `latitude` (Number) Specifies the geographic latitude of the data center's position.
- `links` (Block Set) Provides a URL path that allows direct navigation to a data center. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--datacenters--links))
- `longitude` (Number) Specifies the geographic longitude of the data center's position.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for the datacenter.
- `score_penalty` (Number) Influences the score for a datacenter.
- `server_monitor_pool` (String) The name of the pool from which servermonitors are drawn for liveness tests in this datacenter. If omitted (null), the domain-wide default is used. (If no domain-wide default is specified, the pool used is all servermonitors in the same continent as the datacenter.).
- `state_or_province` (String) Specifies a two-letter ISO 3166 country code for the state of province, where the data center is located.
- `virtual` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the data center is virtual or physical.

<a id="nestedblock--datacenters--default_load_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datacenters.default_load_object`

Read-Only:

- `load_object` (String) Specifies the load object that GTM requests.
- `load_object_port` (Number) Specifies the TCP port to connect to when requesting the load object.
- `load_servers` (List of String) Specifies the list of servers to requests the load object from.


<a id="nestedblock--datacenters--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datacenters.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.



<a id="nestedblock--geographic_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geographic_maps`

Read-Only:

- `assignments` (Block Set) Contains information about the geographic zone groupings of countries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--geographic_maps--assignments))
- `default_datacenter` (Block, Read-only) A placeholder for all other geographic zones, countries not found in these geographic zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--geographic_maps--default_datacenter))
- `links` (Block Set) Specifies the URL path that allows direct navigation to the geographic map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--geographic_maps--links))
- `name` (String) A descriptive label for the geographic map.

<a id="nestedblock--geographic_maps--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geographic_maps.assignments`

Read-Only:

- `countries` (Set of String) Specifies an array of two-letter ISO 3166 `country` codes.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for all other AS zones.


<a id="nestedblock--geographic_maps--default_datacenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geographic_maps.default_datacenter`

Read-Only:

- `datacenter_id` (Number) An identifier for all other geographic zones' CNAME.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for all other geographic zones.


<a id="nestedblock--geographic_maps--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geographic_maps.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.



<a id="nestedblock--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.


<a id="nestedblock--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Read-Only:

- `backup_cname` (String) Specifies a backup CNAME.
- `backup_ip` (String) Specifies a backup IP.
- `balance_by_download_score` (Boolean) Indicates whether download score based load balancing is enabled.
- `cname` (String) Indicates the fully qualified name aliased to a particular property.
- `comments` (String) Descriptive comments for the property.
- `dynamic_ttl` (Number) Indicates the TTL in seconds for records that might change dynamically based on liveness and load balancing.
- `failback_delay` (Number) Specifies the failback delay in seconds.
- `failover_delay` (Number) Specifies the failover delay in seconds.
- `ghost_demand_reporting` (Boolean) Whether an alternate way to collect load feedback from a GTM Performance domain is enabled.
- `handout_limit` (Number) Indicates the limit for the number of live IPs handed out to a DNS request.
- `handout_mode` (String) Specifies how IPs are returned when more than one IP is alive and available.
- `health_max` (Number) Defines the absolute limit beyond which IPs are declared unhealthy.
- `health_multiplier` (Number) Configures a cutoff value that is computed from the median scores.
- `health_threshold` (Number) Configures a cutoff value that is computed from the median scores.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Indicates the type of IP address handed out by a property.
- `last_modified` (String) An ISO 8601 timestamp that indicates when the property was last changed.
- `links` (Block Set) Provides a URL path that allows direct navigation to the property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--properties--links))
- `liveness_tests` (Block Set) Contains information about liveness tests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--properties--liveness_tests))
- `load_imbalance_percentage` (Number) Indicates the percent of load imbalance factor for the domain.
- `map_name` (String) A descriptive label for a geographic or a CIDR map that's required if the property is either geographic or cidrmapping.
- `max_unreachable_penalty` (Number) For performance domains, this specifies a penalty value that's added to liveness test scores when data centers show an aggregated loss fraction higher than the penalty value.
- `min_live_fraction` (Number) Specifies what fraction of the servers need to respond to requests so GTM considers the data center up and able to receive traffic.
- `name` (String) A descriptive label for the property.
- `score_aggregation_type` (String) Specifies how GTM aggregates liveness test scores across different tests, when multiple tests are configured.
- `static_rr_sets` (Block Set) Contains static recordsets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--properties--static_rr_sets))
- `static_ttl` (Number) Specifies the TTL in seconds for static resource records that don't change based on the requesting name server IP.
- `stickness_bonus_constant` (Number) Specifies a percentage used to configure data center affinity.
- `stickness_bonus_percentage` (Number) Specifies a percentage used to configure data center affinity.
- `traffic_targets` (Block Set) Traffic targets for the property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--properties--traffic_targets))
- `type` (String) Specifies the load balancing behvior for the property.
- `unreachable_threshold` (Number) For performance domains, this specifies a penalty value that's added to liveness test scores when data centers have an aggregated loss fraction higher than this value.
- `use_computed_targets` (Boolean) For load-feedback domains only, this specifies that you want GTM to automatically compute target load.
- `weighted_hash_bits_for_ipv4` (Number) For weighted hashed properties, how many leading bits of the client nameserver IP address to include when computing a hash for picking a datacenter for a client nameserver using IPv4; the default value is 32 (the entire address).
- `weighted_hash_bits_for_ipv6` (Number) For weighted hashed properties, how many leading bits of the client nameserver IP address to include when computing a hash for picking a datacenter for a client nameserver using IPv6; the default value is 128 (the entire address).

<a id="nestedblock--properties--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.


<a id="nestedblock--properties--liveness_tests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties.liveness_tests`

Read-Only:

- `alternate_ca_certificates` (List of String) List of alternate trust anchors (CA certificates)
- `answers_required` (Boolean) If testObjectProtocol is DNS, DOH or DOT, requires an answer to the DNS query to be considered a success.
- `disable_nonstandard_port_warning` (Boolean) Disables warnings when non-standard ports are used.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disables the liveness test.
- `error_penalty` (Number) Specifies the score that's reported if the liveness test encounters an error other than timeout, such as connection refused, and 404.
- `http_error3xx` (Boolean) Treats a 3xx HTTP response as a failure if the testObjectProtocol is http, https or ftp.
- `http_error4xx` (Boolean) Treats a 4xx HTTP response as a failure if the testObjectProtocol is http, https or ftp.
- `http_error5xx` (Boolean) Treats a 5xx HTTP response as a failure if the testObjectProtocol is http, https or ftp.
- `http_headers` (Block Set) List of HTTP headers for the liveness test. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--properties--liveness_tests--http_headers))
- `http_method` (String) Contains HTTP method to send if the `testObjectProtocol` is `http` or `https`. Supported values are `TRACE`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`, `GET`, `PUT`, `POST`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`. When omitted or `null`, this value defaults to `GET`.
- `http_request_body` (String) Contains Base64-encoded HTTP request body to send if the `testObjectProtocol` is `http` or `https`. When omitted or `null`, omits the request body from the request.
- `name` (String) A descriptive name for the liveness test.
- `peer_certificate_verification` (Boolean) Validates the origin certificate. Applies only to tests with testObjectProtocol of https.
- `pre_2023_security_posture` (Boolean) Whether to enable backwards compatibility for liveness endpoints that use older TLS protocols
- `recursion_requested` (Boolean) Indicates that if testObjectProtocol is DNS, DOH or DOT, the DNS query is recursive.
- `request_string` (String) Specifies a request string.
- `resource_type` (String) Specifies the query type, if testObjectProtocol is DNS.
- `response_string` (String) Specifies a response string.
- `ssl_client_certificate` (String) Indicates a base64-encoded certificate.
- `ssl_client_private_key` (String) Indicates a base64-encoded private key.
- `test_interval` (Number) Indicates the interval at which the liveness test is run, in seconds.
- `test_object` (String) Specifies the static text that acts as a stand-in for the data that you're sending on the network.
- `test_object_password` (String) Specifies the test object's password.
- `test_object_port` (Number) Specifies the port number for the testObject.
- `test_object_protocol` (String) Specifies the test protocol.
- `test_object_username` (String) A descriptive name for the testObject.
- `test_timeout` (Number) Specifies the duration of the liveness test before it fails.
- `timeout_penalty` (Number) Specifies the timeout penalty score.

<a id="nestedblock--properties--liveness_tests--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties.liveness_tests.http_headers`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the HTTP header.
- `value` (String) Value of the HTTP header.



<a id="nestedblock--properties--static_rr_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties.static_rr_sets`

Read-Only:

- `rdata` (List of String) An array of data strings, representing multiple records within a set.
- `ttl` (Number) The number of seconds that this record should live in a resolver's cache before being refetched.
- `type` (String) The record type.


<a id="nestedblock--properties--traffic_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties.traffic_targets`

Read-Only:

- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the traffic target is used.
- `handout_cname` (String) Specifies an optional data center for the property.
- `name` (String) An alternative label for the traffic target.
- `precedence` (Number) Non-negative integer that ranks the order of the backups that GTM will hand out in the event that the primary Traffic Target has been declared down
- `servers` (List of String) Identifies the IP address or the hostnames of the servers.
- `weight` (Number) Specifies the traffic target weight for the target.



<a id="nestedblock--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `aggregation_type` (String) Specifies how GTM handles different load numbers when multiple load servers are used for a data center or property.
- `constrained_property` (String) Specifies the name of the property that this resource constraints.
- `decay_rate` (Number) For internal use only.
- `description` (String) A descriptive note to help you track what the resource constraints.
- `host_header` (String) Specifies the host header used when fetching the load object.
- `leader_string` (String) Specifies the text that comes before the loadObject.
- `least_squares_decay` (Number) For internal use only.
- `links` (Block Set) Specifies the URL path that allows direct navigation to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources--links))
- `load_imbalance_percentage` (Number) Indicates the percent of load imbalance factor for the domain.
- `max_u_multiplicative_increment` (Number) For internal use only.
- `name` (String) A descriptive label for the resource.
- `resource_instances` (Block Set) List of resource instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources--resource_instances))
- `type` (String) Indicates the kind of loadObject format used to determine the load on the resource.
- `upper_bound` (Number) An optional sanity check that specifies the maximum allowed value for any component of the load object.

<a id="nestedblock--resources--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.


<a id="nestedblock--resources--resource_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.resource_instances`

Read-Only:

- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `load_object` (String) Identifies the load object file used to report real-time information about the current load, maximum allowable load and target load on each resource.
- `load_object_port` (Number) Specifies the TCP port of the loadObject.
- `load_servers` (List of String) Specifies the list of servers to requests the load object from.
- `use_default_load_object` (Boolean) Whether to use default loadObject.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `change_id` (String) A unique identifier generated when a change occurs to the domain.
- `links` (Block Set) Specifies the URL path that allows direct navigation to the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--links))
- `message` (String) A notification generated when a change occurs to the domain.
- `passing_validation` (Boolean) Indicates if the domain validates.
- `propagation_status` (String) Tracks the status of the domain's propagation state.
- `propagation_status_date` (String) An ISO 8601 timestamp indicating when a change occurs to the domain.

<a id="nestedblock--status--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.
