---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_gtm_domains Data Source - terraform-provider-akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List of domains under given contract.
---

# akamai_gtm_domains (Data Source)

List of domains under given contract.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `domains` (Block Set) List of domains under given contract. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domains))

<a id="nestedblock--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains`

Read-Only:

- `acg_id` (String) The contract's identifier, with which the domain is associated.
- `activation_state` (String) 'PENDING' when a change has been made but not yet propagated; 'COMPLETE' when the last configuration change has propagated successfully; 'DENIED' if the domain configuration failed validation; 'DELETED' if the domain has been deleted.
- `change_id` (String) UUID that identifies a version of the domain configuration.
- `delete_request_id` (String) UUID for delete request during domain deletion. Null if the domain is not being deleted.
- `last_modified` (String) An ISO 8601 timestamp that indicates the time of the last domain change.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The email address of the administrator who made the last change to the domain.
- `links` (Block Set) Provides a URL path that allows direct navigation to the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domains--links))
- `modification_comments` (String) A descriptive note about changes to the domain.
- `name` (String) A unique domain name.
- `sign_and_serve` (Boolean) If set (true) we will sign the domain's resource records so that they can be validated by a validating resolver.
- `sign_and_serve_algorithm` (String) The signing algorithm to use for signAndServe. One of the following values: RSA_SHA1, RSA_SHA256, RSA_SHA512, ECDSA_P256_SHA256, ECDSA_P384_SHA384, ED25519, ED448.
- `status` (String) The current status of the domain.

<a id="nestedblock--domains--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.
