---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_gtm_resources Data Source - terraform-provider-akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GTM Resources data source
---

# akamai_gtm_resources (Data Source)

GTM Resources data source



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) GTM domain name.

### Optional

- `resources` (Block Set) GTM Resources data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources))

<a id="nestedblock--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Required:

- `name` (String) A descriptive label for the resource.

Read-Only:

- `aggregation_type` (String) Specifies how GTM handles different load numbers when multiple load servers are used for a data center or property.
- `constrained_property` (String) Specifies the name of the property that this resource constraints.
- `decay_rate` (Number) For internal use only.
- `description` (String) A descriptive note which allows to track what is constrained by this resource.
- `host_header` (String) Specifies the host header used when fetching the load object.
- `leader_string` (String) Specifies the text that comes before the load object.
- `least_squares_decay` (Number) For internal use only.
- `links` (Block Set) Specifies the URL path that allows direct navigation to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources--links))
- `load_imbalance_percentage` (Number) Indicates the percentage of load imbalance for the domain.
- `max_u_multiplicative_increment` (Number) For internal use only.
- `resource_instances` (Block Set) Instances of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources--resource_instances))
- `type` (String) Indicates the type of load object used to determine the load on the resource.
- `upper_bound` (Number) An optional sanity check that specifies the maximum allowed value for any component of the load object.

<a id="nestedblock--resources--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.


<a id="nestedblock--resources--resource_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.resource_instances`

Read-Only:

- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `load_object` (String) Identifies the load object file used to report real-time information about the current load, maximum allowable load and target load on each resource.
- `load_object_port` (Number) Specifies the TCP port of the loadObject.
- `load_servers` (Set of String) Specifies the list of servers to requests the load object from.
- `use_default_load_object` (Boolean) Whether to use default loadObject.
