---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_gtm_datacenter Data Source - terraform-provider-akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# akamai_gtm_datacenter (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `domain` (String) GTM domain name.

### Read-Only

- `city` (String) The name of the city where the data center is located.
- `clone_of` (Number) Identifies the data center's ID of which this data center is a clone.
- `cloud_server_host_header_override` (Boolean) Balances load between two or more servers in a cloud environment.
- `cloud_server_targeting` (Boolean) Balances load between two or more servers in a cloud environment.
- `continent` (String) A two-letter code that specifies the continent where the data center maps to.
- `country` (String) A two-letter ISO 3166 contry code that specifies the country where the data center is located.
- `default_load_object` (List of Object) Specifies the load reporting interface between you and the GTM system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_load_object))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `latitude` (Number) Specifies the geographic latitude of the data center's position.
- `links` (List of Object) Provides a URL path that allows direct navigation to a data center. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `longitude` (Number) Specifies the geographic longitude of the data center's position.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for the datacenter.
- `score_penalty` (Number) Influences the score for a datacenter.
- `servermonitor_pool` (String) The name of the pool from which servermonitors are drawn for liveness tests in this datacenter. If omitted (null), the domain-wide default is used. (If no domain-wide default is specified, the pool used is all servermonitors in the same continent as the datacenter.)
- `state_or_province` (String) Specifies a two-letter ISO 3166 country code for the state of province, where the data center is located.
- `virtual` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the data center is virtual or physical.

<a id="nestedatt--default_load_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_load_object`

Read-Only:

- `load_object` (String)
- `load_object_port` (Number)
- `load_servers` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String)
- `rel` (String)
