---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_gtm_geomaps Data Source - akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GTM Geographic maps data source.
---

# akamai_gtm_geomaps (Data Source)

GTM Geographic maps data source.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) GTM domain name.

### Read-Only

- `geo_maps` (Attributes List) List of geographic maps within the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geo_maps))

<a id="nestedatt--geo_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geo_maps`

Read-Only:

- `assignments` (Attributes List) Contains information about the geographic zone groupings of countries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geo_maps--assignments))
- `default_datacenter` (Attributes) A placeholder for all other geographic zones, countries not found in these geographic zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geo_maps--default_datacenter))
- `links` (Attributes Set) Specifies the URL path that allows direct navigation to the Geographic maps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geo_maps--links))
- `name` (String) A descriptive label for the Geographic map.

<a id="nestedatt--geo_maps--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geo_maps.assignments`

Read-Only:

- `countries` (Set of String) Specifies an array of two-letter ISO 3166 country codes, or for finer subdivisions, the two-letter country code and the two-letter state or province code separated by a forward slash.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) A unique identifier for an existing data center in the domain.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for the group.


<a id="nestedatt--geo_maps--default_datacenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geo_maps.default_datacenter`

Read-Only:

- `datacenter_id` (Number) For each property, an identifier for all other geographic zones.
- `nickname` (String) A descriptive label for all other geographic zones.


<a id="nestedatt--geo_maps--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geo_maps.links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A hypermedia link to the complete URL that uniquely defines a resource.
- `rel` (String) Indicates the link relationship of the object.
