---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_iam_role Data Source - akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Role data source.
---

# akamai_iam_role (Data Source)

Role data source.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role_id` (Number) Unique identifier for each role.

### Read-Only

- `actions` (Attributes) Specifies activities available for the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the granted role.
- `created_date` (String) ISO 8601 timestamp indicating when the granted role was originally created.
- `granted_roles` (Attributes List) Granted roles for the account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--granted_roles))
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last edited the granted role.
- `modified_date` (String) ISO 8601 timestamp indicating when the granted role was last updated.
- `role_description` (String) Descriptive label for the role to convey its use.
- `role_name` (String) Descriptive label for the role.
- `type` (String) Whether it's a standard role defined by Akamai or a custom role created by a user of your account. You can't modify or delete a standard role.
- `users` (Attributes List) Users on the account who share the same role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Read-Only:

- `delete` (Boolean) Whether you can remove the role.
- `edit` (Boolean) Whether you can modify the role.


<a id="nestedatt--granted_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `granted_roles`

Read-Only:

- `granted_role_description` (String) Descriptive label for the role to convey its use.
- `granted_role_id` (Number) Unique identifier for each granted role.
- `granted_role_name` (String) Descriptive label for the granted role.


<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) Unique identifier for each account.
- `email` (String) The user's email address.
- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `last_login_date` (String) ISO 8601 timestamp indicating when the user last logged in.
- `last_name` (String) The user's surname.
- `ui_identity_id` (String) Unique identifier for each user, which corresponds to their Control Center profile or client ID. Also known as a contactId in other APIs.
