---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_imaging_policy_video Data Source - terraform-provider-akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# akamai_imaging_policy_video (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Video policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `json` (String) A JSON encoded policy

<a id="nestedblock--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Optional:

- `breakpoints` (Block List, Max: 1) The breakpoint widths (in pixels) to use to create derivative images/videos. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--breakpoints))
- `hosts` (List of String) Hosts that are allowed for image/video URLs within transformations or variables.
- `output` (Block List, Max: 1) Dictates the output quality that are created for each resized video. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--output))
- `rollout_duration` (String) The amount of time in seconds that the policy takes to rollout. During the rollout an increasing proportion of images/videos will begin to use the new policy instead of the cached images/videos from the previous version. This value has no effect on the staging network.
- `variables` (Block List) Declares variables for use within the policy. Any variable declared here can be invoked throughout transformations as a [Variable](#variable) object, so that you don't have to specify values separately. You can also pass in these variable names and values dynamically as query parameters in the image's request URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--variables))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--breakpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.breakpoints`

Optional:

- `widths` (List of Number)


<a id="nestedblock--policy--output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.output`

Optional:

- `perceptual_quality` (String) The quality of derivative videos. High preserves video quality with reduced byte savings while low reduces video quality to increase byte savings.
- `perceptual_quality_var` (String) The quality of derivative videos. High preserves video quality with reduced byte savings while low reduces video quality to increase byte savings.
- `placeholder_video_url` (String) Allows you to add a specific placeholder video that appears when a user first requests a video, but before Image & Video Manager processes the video. If not specified the original video plays during the processing time.
- `placeholder_video_url_var` (String) Allows you to add a specific placeholder video that appears when a user first requests a video, but before Image & Video Manager processes the video. If not specified the original video plays during the processing time.
- `video_adaptive_quality` (String) Override the quality of video to serve when Image & Video Manager detects a slow connection. Specifying lower values lets users with slow connections browse your site with reduced load times without impacting the quality of videos for users with faster connections.
- `video_adaptive_quality_var` (String) Override the quality of video to serve when Image & Video Manager detects a slow connection. Specifying lower values lets users with slow connections browse your site with reduced load times without impacting the quality of videos for users with faster connections.


<a id="nestedblock--policy--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.variables`

Required:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the variable if no query parameter is provided. It needs to be one of the `enumOptions` if any are provided.
- `name` (String) The name of the variable, also available as the query parameter name to set the variable's value dynamically. Use up to 50 alphanumeric characters.
- `type` (String) The type of value for the variable.

Optional:

- `enum_options` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--variables--enum_options))
- `postfix` (String) A postfix added to the value provided for the variable, or to the default value.
- `prefix` (String) A prefix added to the value provided for the variable, or to the default value.

<a id="nestedblock--policy--variables--enum_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.variables.enum_options`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for each enum value, up to 50 alphanumeric characters.
- `value` (String) The value of the variable when the `id` is provided.
