---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_cloudaccess_key Resource - akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# akamai_cloudaccess_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_key_name` (String) Name of the access key.
- `authentication_method` (String) The type of cloud provider signing process used to authenticate API requests. Two options are available: "AWS4_HMAC_SHA256" or "GOOG4_HMAC_SHA256".
- `contract_id` (String) The unique identifier for the contract assigned to the access key
- `group_id` (Number) The unique identifier assigned to the access control group assigned to the access key
- `network_configuration` (Attributes) The secure networks that you assigned the access key to during creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_configuration))

### Optional

- `credentials_a` (Attributes) The combination of a `cloud_access_key_id` and a `cloud_secret_access_key` used to sign API requests. This pair can be identified as access key version. Access key can contain only two access key versions at specific time (defined as credentialsA and credentialsB). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials_a))
- `credentials_b` (Attributes) The combination of a `cloud_access_key_id` and a `cloud_secret_access_key` used to sign API requests. This pair can be identified as access key version. Access key can contain only two access key versions at specific time (defined as credentialsA and credentialsB). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials_b))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `access_key_uid` (Number) The unique identifier Akamai assigns to an access key.
- `primary_guid` (String) Value of `version_guid` field for credentials marked as primary

<a id="nestedatt--network_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_configuration`

Required:

- `security_network` (String) The API deploys the access key to this secure network

Optional:

- `additional_cdn` (String) Additional type of the deployment network that the access key will be deployed to.


<a id="nestedatt--credentials_a"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials_a`

Required:

- `cloud_access_key_id` (String) Access key id from cloud provider which is used to sign API requests
- `cloud_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) Cloud Access secret from cloud provider which is used to sign API requests
- `primary_key` (Boolean) Boolean value which helps to define if credentials should be assigned to property

Read-Only:

- `version` (Number) Numeric access key version associated with specific pair of cloud access credentials used to sign API requests
- `version_guid` (String) The unique identifier assigned to specific access key version


<a id="nestedatt--credentials_b"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials_b`

Required:

- `cloud_access_key_id` (String) Access key id from cloud provider which is used to sign API requests
- `cloud_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) Cloud Access secret from cloud provider which is used to sign API requests
- `primary_key` (Boolean) Boolean value which helps to define if credentials should be assigned to property

Read-Only:

- `version` (Number) Numeric access key version associated with specific pair of cloud access credentials used to sign API requests
- `version_guid` (String) The unique identifier assigned to specific access key version


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) Optional configurable resource create timeout. By default it's 60 minutes with 1 minute polling interval.
- `delete` (String) Optional configurable resource delete timeout. By default it's 60 minutes with 1 minute polling interval.
- `update` (String) Optional configurable resource update timeout. By default it's 60 minutes with 1 minute polling interval.
