---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_cloudwrapper_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# akamai_cloudwrapper_configuration (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `comments` (String) Additional information you provide to differentiate or track changes of the configuration.
- `config_name` (String) Name of the configuration.
- `contract_id` (String) Contract ID having Cloud Wrapper entitlement.
- `property_ids` (Set of String) List of properties belonging to eligible products.

### Optional

- `capacity_alerts_threshold` (Number) Capacity Alerts enablement information for the configuration. The Alert Threshold should be between 50 and 100.
- `location` (Block Set) List of locations to use with the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--location))
- `notification_emails` (Set of String) Email addresses to use for notifications.
- `retain_idle_objects` (Boolean) Retain idle objects beyond their max idle lifetime.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Resource's unique identifier.
- `revision` (String) Unique hash value of the configuration.

<a id="nestedblock--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Required:

- `comments` (String) Additional comments provided by the user.
- `traffic_type_id` (Number) Unique identifier for the location and traffic type combination

Optional:

- `capacity` (Block, Optional) The capacity assigned to this configuration's location (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--location--capacity))

<a id="nestedblock--location--capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.capacity`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Unit of capacity. Can be either 'GB' or 'TB'.
- `value` (Number) Value of capacity.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
