---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akamai_iam_user Resource - akamai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a user in your account.
---

# akamai_iam_user (Resource)

Manage a user in your account.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_grants_json` (String) A user's per-group role assignments, in JSON form.
- `country` (String) As part of the user's location, the value can be any that are available from the view-supported-countries operation.
- `email` (String) The user's email address.
- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `last_name` (String) The user's surname.

### Optional

- `address` (String) The user's street address.
- `city` (String) The user's city.
- `contact_type` (String) To help characterize the user, the value can be any that are available from the view-contact-types operation.
- `enable_mfa` (Boolean) Indicates whether multi-factor authentication is allowed.
- `enable_tfa` (Boolean) Indicates whether two-factor authentication is allowed.
- `job_title` (String) The user's position at your company.
- `lock` (Boolean) Flag to block a user account.
- `mobile_phone` (String) The user's mobile phone number.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) New password for a user.
- `phone` (String) The user's main phone number.
- `preferred_language` (String) The value can be any that are available from the view-languages operation.
- `secondary_email` (String) The user's secondary email address.
- `session_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds it takes for the user's Control Center session to time out if there hasn't been any activity.
- `state` (String) The user's state.
- `time_zone` (String) The user's time zone. The value can be any that are available from the view-time-zones operation.
- `user_notifications` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies email notifications the user receives for products. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_notifications))
- `zip_code` (String) The user's five-digit ZIP code.

### Read-Only

- `email_update_pending` (Boolean) Indicates whether email update is pending.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_login` (String) ISO 8601 timestamp indicating when the user last logged in.
- `password_expired_after` (String) The date a user's password expires.
- `tfa_configured` (Boolean) Indicates whether two-factor authentication is configured.
- `user_name` (String) A user's `loginId`. Typically, a user's email address.

<a id="nestedblock--user_notifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_notifications`

Required:

- `enable_email_notifications` (Boolean) Enables email notifications.
- `password_expiry` (Boolean) Enables notifications for expiring passwords.
- `proactive` (List of String) Products for which the user gets notifications for service issues.
- `upgrade` (List of String) Products for which the user receives notifications for upgrades.

Optional:

- `api_client_credential_expiry_notification` (Boolean) Enables notifications for expiring API client credentials.
- `new_user_notification` (Boolean) Enables notifications for group administrators when the user creates other new users.
